feat: add ignoreReviewers config option (#19776)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

It would take the entire `"config:base"` preset - which has a lot of sub-presets - but ignore the `":prHourlyLimit2"` rule.

## ignoreReviewers

> List users that should be ignored when the Renovate determines whether the reviewers were already assigned or not. This is useful if you are using renovate-approve.
> By default in case of PR commit status checks are failing, reviewers are not assigned, because PR already contains one `renovate-approve`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate does not add assignees or reviewers to PRs which are configured for automerge.
If tests have failed, Renovate then does add them, but only if the assignees and reviewers list is empty.
In the case that a user is automatically added as reviewer (such as Renovate Approve bot) and you want to ignore it for the purpose of this decision, add it to the `ignoreReviewers` list.
```
